[C] Answer the following: 

(a) To receive the string "We have got the guts, you get the glory!!" in an array char str[100]?
    which of the following functions would you use? 
1. scanf ( "%s", str ) ; 
2. gets ( str ) ;       (Correct)
3. getche ( str ) ; 
4. fgetchar ( str ) ; 
"gets(str); is used to receive an entire string with spaces until a newline character is encountered. It reads characters from the standard input and stores them into the string until a newline or EOF is reached. However, please note that gets() is considered unsafe due to potential buffer overflow issues. A safer alternative in modern C programming is to use fgets()."

(b) Which function would you use if a single key were to be received through the keyboard? 
1. scanf( ) 
2. gets( ) 
3. getche( )    (Correct)
4. getchar( ) 
"getche(); reads a single character from the console and echoes it to the screen."

(c) If an integer is to be entered through the keyboard, which function would you use? 
1. scanf( )     (Correct)
2. gets( ) 
3. getche( ) 
4. getchar( ) 
"scanf(); with the appropriate format specifier (%d for integers) is commonly used to read integers from the keyboard."

(d) If a character string is to be received through the keyboard which function would work faster? 
1. scanf( ) 
2. gets( )      (Correct)
"gets(); may work faster because it reads an entire line at once until it encounters a newline character"

(e) What is the difference between getchar( ), fgetchar( ), getch( ) and getche( )? 
"getchar(): Reads a single character from standard input (stdin) and returns it.
fgetchar(): There's no standard function named fgetchar() in C. Perhaps you meant fgetc() which reads a character from a file.
getch(): Reads a single character from the console without echoing it to the screen. (Note: This function is not part of the standard library and may not be available in all compilers.)
getche(): Reads a single character from the console and echoes it to the screen."

(f) The format string of a printf( ) function can contain: 
1. Characters, format specifications and escape sequences (Correct) "As this option includes all"
2. Character, integers and floats 
3. Strings, integers and escape sequences 
4. Inverted commas, percentage sign and backslash character 

(g) A field-width specifier in a printf( ) function: 
1. Controls the margins of the program listing 
2. Specifies the maximum value of a number 
3. Controls the size of type used to print numbers 
4. Specifies how many columns will be used to print the number (Correct)
" For example, %5d will print an integer with at least 5 characters' width from left side (padded with spaces if necessary)."